
Holy Moley Scrooge McDuck came after me.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double crapped in my gas tank.
I feel terrible, but the ghost of Margaret Thatcher ate my English Literature essay.
Please try to be reasonable; GlaDOS ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
It's not my fault! the director of 101 Dalmations died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I lost track of time because Kevin Ware's leg bone text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Please forgive me; Hillary Clinton tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
This is going to sound crazy but Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to sell me life insurance.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a handicapped gentleman stole my bicycle.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I beg you a thousand pardons; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Sorry I'm late; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Who could believe it! Princess Peach spin kicked me in the collar bone.
So I was minding my own business and boom! your Ghost Daddy tried to sell me life insurance.
Don't blame me; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser made me find Jesus.
Boy do I have a story for you; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys beat me into submission.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Sarah Palin tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones came on to me.
Holy Shit! Get this: my mom broke into my house.
Oh my god! Kevin Spacey gave me a hickey.
This isn't what it looks like; a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Guess what happened?!? Raiden from Mortal Kombat hid my Trapper Keeper.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Dom DeLuise demanded investment advice of me.
This is a terrible excuse but the editors of Mandatory.com ate my English Literature essay.
I couldn't help it; a triceratops named Penelope made me vote for Khodos.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Count Dracula made me vote for Khang.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Please try to be reasonable; the US ambassador to Sweden tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Holy Moses! Forrest Gump crapped in my gas tank.
Please forgive me; your Sky Daddy came on me.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Mayor McCheese demanded narcotics of me.
Holy Moley Robin tried to kill me.
Boy do I have a story for you; Tom Hanks tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Sorry I'm late; Kevin Costner's stunt double came after me.
I'm never usually like this; Chell from Portal forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I feel terrible, but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Don't blame me; a Hasidic Jew tried to seduce me.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team came on me.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Rob Ford died right in front of me.
I lost track of time because Linus Torvalds demanded narcotics of me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a man with six fingers on his right hand hid my Trapper Keeper.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the Spanish Inquisition gave me a hickey.
I'm sorry but your mom ate my homework.
So I was minding my own business and boom! a group of ISIS terrorists slept with my uncle.
This is going to sound crazy but Thom of Finland came on to me.
I couldn't go because Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa made me find Jesus.
Oh my god! your imaginary Sky Friend tried to kill me.
You're never going to believe this; Godzilla made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
My bad; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Holy Shit! Get this: the Roman Curia tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Who could believe it! the entire Roman Empire stole my bicycle.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Donald Trump stole my identity.
Oh my gosh! Barrack Obama called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
This isn't what it looks like; an angry mob of republicans tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
This is a terrible excuse but Spiderman ate my English Literature essay.
Guess what happened?!? the entire Green party of Germany tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
It's not my fault! a British chap text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I apologize, however the ghost of Adolf Hitler ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
So I was minding my own business and boom! the Flying Spaghetti Monster broke into my house.
Please forgive me; the inventor of the Slanket tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the entire population of Norway came after me.
I couldn't go because Batman put me in a Chinese finger trap.
This isn't what it looks like; the Antea Cement company of Albania made me vote for Khang.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the surviving members of the Beatles crapped in my gas tank.
I'm never usually like this; the clone of Adolf Hitler beat me into submission.
This is a terrible excuse but the evil committee that demoted Pluto kept telling me knock knock jokes.
It's not my fault! Albert Einstein tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I lost track of time because the entire Green Party of Canada spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Please try to be reasonable; the entire population of Norway made me vote for Khodos.
Holy Moley the ghost of Adolf Hitler died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Holy Moses! GlaDOS forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I'm sorry but Barrack Obama tried to sell me life insurance.
Don't blame me; Spiderman offered me a free Judo lesson.
Guess what happened?!? the US ambassador to Sweden pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
This is going to sound crazy but a handicapped gentleman demanded investment advice of me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double came after me.
You're never going to believe this; Batman ate my English Literature essay.
Holy Shit! Get this: the entire Roman Empire came on me.
I couldn't help it; the entire Green party of Germany died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Princess Peach hid my Trapper Keeper.
Oh my gosh! Godzilla demanded investment advice of me.
Oh my god! Chell from Portal ate my English Literature essay.
Sorry I'm late; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa stole my bicycle.
Boy do I have a story for you; the inventor of the Slanket text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
My bad; the editors of Mandatory.com crapped in my gas tank.
I feel terrible, but Raiden from Mortal Kombat stole my identity.
I apologize, however a British chap pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Mayor McCheese tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the ghost of Margaret Thatcher beat me into submission.
Sacra Merde! Get this: your Sky Daddy demanded narcotics of me.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the entire population of Norway ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Who could believe it! Mayor McCheese tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Holy Shit! Get this: Rob Ford demanded investment advice of me.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin Ware's leg bone called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
You're never going to believe this; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones slept with my uncle.
My bad; your mom tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I couldn't help it; Scrooge McDuck hid my Trapper Keeper.
This is going to sound crazy but Godzilla came on to me.
Holy Moley Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Please forgive me; the Roman Curia made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I lost track of time because Albert Einstein tried to seduce me.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa demanded narcotics of me.
I'm sorry but the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser made me vote for Khang.
Oh my god! Batman kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I beg you a thousand pardons; your Ghost Daddy died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
This is a terrible excuse but a handicapped gentleman broke into my house.
It's not my fault! Hillary Clinton stole my identity.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Donald Trump died right in front of me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Robin tried to kill me.
This isn't what it looks like; a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Boy do I have a story for you; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team tried to sell me life insurance.
Please try to be reasonable; a Hasidic Jew crapped in my gas tank.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Kevin Spacey beat me into submission.
Don't blame me; the inventor of the Slanket came on me.
Sorry I'm late; Barrack Obama offered me a free Judo lesson.
I couldn't go because a solar energy lobbyist ate my homework.
I apologize, however the Antea Cement company of Albania put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Guess what happened?!? Count Dracula kept telling me knock knock jokes.
So I was minding my own business and boom! the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Who could believe it! the entire Green Party of Canada broke into my house.
Holy Moses! Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Thom of Finland tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I feel terrible, but Scrooge McDuck offered me a free Judo lesson.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the inventor of the Slanket gave me a hickey.
Oh my gosh! Hillary Clinton tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I'm never usually like this; the entire Green party of Germany demanded narcotics of me.
Guess what happened?!? the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser hid my Trapper Keeper.
I'm sorry but my mom called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
This is a terrible excuse but Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother beat me into submission.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Batman ate my homework.
I couldn't be more apologetic but your imaginary Sky Friend forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I'm never usually like this; the surviving members of the Beatles made me vote for Khodos.
Please forgive me; GlaDOS tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Holy Moley Kevin Costner's stunt double ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I apologize, however Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa made me vote for Khang.
I feel terrible, but the Spanish Inquisition stole my identity.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Please try to be reasonable; a British chap spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I couldn't help it; your mom made me vote for Khodos.
Sorry I'm late; Tom Hanks tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I couldn't go because Mayor McCheese text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Oh my gosh! the evil committee that demoted Pluto tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Holy Shit! Get this: your Sky Daddy tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Boy do I have a story for you; the US ambassador to Sweden kept telling me knock knock jokes.
My bad; Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to kill me.
It's not my fault! Albert Einstein demanded investment advice of me.
Holy Shit! Get this: Kevin Ware's leg bone spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Don't blame me; Kevin Spacey slept with my uncle.
I couldn't be more apologetic but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me vote for Khang.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a group of ISIS terrorists made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I couldn't go because the ghost of Margaret Thatcher died right in front of me.
Oh my gosh! Linus Torvalds forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I couldn't help it; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I lost track of time because the clone of Adolf Hitler came on me.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Chell from Portal text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the entire Green Party of Canada hid my Trapper Keeper.
I feel terrible, but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
This is going to sound crazy but the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
This is a terrible excuse but an angry mob of republicans ate my English Literature essay.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire population of Norway stole my bicycle.
You're never going to believe this; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula made me find Jesus.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Donald Trump tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Please forgive me; Count Dracula tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Boy do I have a story for you; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer ate my homework.
I'm sorry but Rob Ford beat me into submission.
I'm never usually like this; a solar energy lobbyist pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Please try to be reasonable; a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to seduce me.
It's not my fault! a handicapped gentleman stole my identity.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Dom DeLuise died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the Flying Spaghetti Monster came after me.
My bad; the editors of Mandatory.com tried to sell me life insurance.
Sorry I'm late; Godzilla demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my god! the ghost of Adolf Hitler came on to me.
This isn't what it looks like; a triceratops named Penelope put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Who could believe it! Thom of Finland broke into my house.
Holy Moses! Sarah Palin crapped in my gas tank.
Holy Moley the Antea Cement company of Albania gave me a hickey.
Guess what happened?!? Forrest Gump made me vote for Khodos.
I apologize, however Princess Peach tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
My bad; Raiden from Mortal Kombat offered me a free Judo lesson.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire Roman Empire tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I'm sorry but your Ghost Daddy ate my homework.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Robin made me find Jesus.
I lost track of time because your Sky Daddy forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I couldn't help it; Donald Trump demanded narcotics of me.
Guess what happened?!? a triceratops named Penelope beat me into submission.
I'm never usually like this; your mom crapped in my gas tank.
Sacra Merde! Get this: some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match ate my English Literature essay.
Holy Shit! Get this: the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I apologize, however the Flying Spaghetti Monster gave me a hickey.
Holy Moley the entire Roman Empire tried to sell me life insurance.
Oh my god! the editors of Mandatory.com kept telling me knock knock jokes.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to seduce me.
So I was minding my own business and boom! an angry mob of republicans came after me.
Boy do I have a story for you; Tom Hanks tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Holy Moses! the Roman Curia stole my identity.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
This is going to sound crazy but Linus Torvalds slept with my uncle.
Who could believe it! Donald Trump died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
This is a terrible excuse but the clone of Adolf Hitler called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Please forgive me; a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the surviving members of the Beatles demanded investment advice of me.
Oh my god! Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double made me vote for Khodos.
This isn't what it looks like; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 offered me a free Judo lesson.
My bad; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher hid my Trapper Keeper.
Holy Shit! Get this: GlaDOS tried to kill me.
I couldn't help it; the director of 101 Dalmations broke into my house.
You're never going to believe this; Mayor McCheese tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the Spanish Inquisition text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I'm never usually like this; your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
I lost track of time because my mom came on to me.
I'm sorry but the inventor of the Slanket put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I feel terrible, but a British chap died right in front of me.
Oh my gosh! Kevin Costner's stunt double stole my bicycle.
Please try to be reasonable; your imaginary Sky Friend made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Holy Moley the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I couldn't go because some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match came on me.
Don't blame me; a man with six fingers on his right hand pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Dom DeLuise made me vote for Khang.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire population of Norway spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the editors of Mandatory.com tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Sorry I'm late; Sarah Palin forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Scrooge McDuck made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
This isn't what it looks like; the clone of Adolf Hitler made me vote for Khodos.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys slept with my uncle.
Holy Shit! Get this: your mom hid my Trapper Keeper.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Guess what happened?!? the ghost of Margaret Thatcher came on to me.
Don't blame me; your Sky Daddy kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I'm sorry but the entire Green Party of Canada pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
This is a terrible excuse but the evil committee that demoted Pluto demanded investment advice of me.
Please forgive me; a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
You're never going to believe this; Forrest Gump stole my bicycle.
It's not my fault! the director of 101 Dalmations made me vote for Khang.
I feel terrible, but a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the Antea Cement company of Albania tried to kill me.
Boy do I have a story for you; a British chap ate my English Literature essay.
I couldn't help it; the surviving members of the Beatles broke into my house.
Holy Moses! Kevin Ware's leg bone died right in front of me.
Sorry I'm late; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula offered me a free Judo lesson.
Please try to be reasonable; Donald Trump's gross comb-over stole my identity.
Holy Moley the Spanish Inquisition beat me into submission.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Hillary Clinton came after me.
I'm never usually like this; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa came on me.
Oh my god! the Roman Curia tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer demanded narcotics of me.
Who could believe it! Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother crapped in my gas tank.
This is going to sound crazy but Count Dracula ate my homework.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Kevin Costner's stunt double put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I couldn't go because the Flying Spaghetti Monster ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I lost track of time because all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
My bad; Mayor McCheese spin kicked me in the collar bone.
So I was minding my own business and boom! your mom gave me a hickey.
I apologize, however the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to seduce me.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Dom DeLuise called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Oh my gosh! Hillary Clinton tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the Flying Spaghetti Monster made me find Jesus.
I couldn't help it; the Spanish Inquisition tried to sell me life insurance.
Boy do I have a story for you; Godzilla died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Holy Moses! the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys hid my Trapper Keeper.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Sarah Palin died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I apologize, however the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team ate my homework.
This isn't what it looks like; a handicapped gentleman tried to sell me pork belly futures.
You're never going to believe this; Albert Einstein came on to me.
It's not my fault! your Ghost Daddy tried to seduce me.
Sacra Merde! Get this: a British chap came on me.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Adolf Hitler died right in front of me.
This is a terrible excuse but the Spanish Inquisition slept with my uncle.
I feel terrible, but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 made me vote for Khang.
Holy Moley the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my god! Princess Peach tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the Flying Spaghetti Monster tried to sell me life insurance.
So I was minding my own business and boom! a group of ISIS terrorists called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
My bad; your mom slept with my uncle.
This is going to sound crazy but the entire Roman Empire spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I beg you a thousand pardons; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me vote for Khang.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the clone of Adolf Hitler made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Guess what happened?!? the US ambassador to Sweden put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Oh my gosh! Count Dracula text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I lost track of time because Kevin Costner's stunt double pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Kevin Ware's leg bone beat me into submission.
Please try to be reasonable; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Boy do I have a story for you; Sarah Palin tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I lost track of time because Barrack Obama came on to me.
Please try to be reasonable; Mayor McCheese crapped in my gas tank.
I'm sorry but Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me life insurance.
Guess what happened?!? Robin made me find Jesus.
This is going to sound crazy but GlaDOS died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer made me vote for Khodos.
Please forgive me; your imaginary Sky Friend tried to kill me.
I feel terrible, but Chell from Portal stole my identity.
I apologize, however the ghost of Margaret Thatcher ate my English Literature essay.
Oh my gosh! Spiderman demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my god! a man with six fingers on his right hand text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
You're never going to believe this; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula died right in front of me.
It's not my fault! my mom came after me.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Scrooge McDuck made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire population of Norway forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Holy Shit! Get this: Thom of Finland tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I'm sorry but Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa slept with my uncle.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Hillary Clinton made me vote for Khang.
Sorry I'm late; the entire Green Party of Canada gave me a hickey.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the editors of Mandatory.com ate my English Literature essay.
This isn't what it looks like; Batman hid my Trapper Keeper.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones demanded investment advice of me.
Guess what happened?!? Forrest Gump ate my homework.
My bad; Dom DeLuise tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Who could believe it! the inventor of the Slanket tried to sell me life insurance.
I feel terrible, but Kevin Spacey broke into my house.
It's not my fault! Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I couldn't help it; Rob Ford died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
This is a terrible excuse but the entire Green party of Germany made me find Jesus.
Holy Moses! the evil committee that demoted Pluto beat me into submission.
Boy do I have a story for you; Donald Trump's gross comb-over pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser made me vote for Khodos.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Albert Einstein called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Oh my god! the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys stole my identity.
Please try to be reasonable; Raiden from Mortal Kombat kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I couldn't be more apologetic but your Sky Daddy tried to seduce me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; a handicapped gentleman ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I'm sorry but a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the director of 101 Dalmations put me in a Chinese finger trap.
This is going to sound crazy but Tom Hanks tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
This isn't what it looks like; a solar energy lobbyist demanded narcotics of me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the surviving members of the Beatles crapped in my gas tank.
I couldn't go because your Ghost Daddy offered me a free Judo lesson.
Please try to be reasonable; the Roman Curia stole my bicycle.
My bad; the Antea Cement company of Albania came on me.
Holy Moses! Godzilla came on to me.
Guess what happened?!? Linus Torvalds tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Donald Trump tried to kill me.
Don't blame me; an angry mob of republicans spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I lost track of time because a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me life insurance.
Oh my gosh! a group of ISIS terrorists forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Who could believe it! Spiderman gave me a hickey.
This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
You're never going to believe this; the director of 101 Dalmations made me vote for Khodos.
So I was minding my own business and boom! the entire Green Party of Canada hid my Trapper Keeper.
Boy do I have a story for you; Count Dracula broke into my house.
I beg you a thousand pardons; an angry mob of republicans died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Holy Moley Scrooge McDuck demanded narcotics of me.
This is a terrible excuse but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double made me find Jesus.
I couldn't help it; Kevin Spacey tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I'm never usually like this; the Spanish Inquisition put me in a Chinese finger trap.
This is going to sound crazy but the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones came after me.
Holy Shit! Get this: GlaDOS stole my identity.
I'm sorry but a handicapped gentleman called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
I apologize, however Forrest Gump tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but an angry mob of republicans tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I swear it wasn't my fault, all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Godzilla came on me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team demanded investment advice of me.
Please forgive me; the entire Green party of Germany spin kicked me in the collar bone.
It's not my fault! the US ambassador to Sweden tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I feel terrible, but the editors of Mandatory.com beat me into submission.
Please try to be reasonable; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones made me vote for Khang.
Holy Moses! the Spanish Inquisition slept with my uncle.
Oh my god! a man with six fingers on his right hand died right in front of me.
Holy Moley the Flying Spaghetti Monster stole my bicycle.
I'm never usually like this; Chell from Portal kept telling me knock knock jokes.
Boy do I have a story for you; Princess Peach offered me a free Judo lesson.
I lost track of time because the Roman Curia ate my homework.
Sorry I'm late; the Antea Cement company of Albania came on to me.
It's not my fault! Dom DeLuise tried to sell me pork belly futures.
This isn't what it looks like; Forrest Gump tried to kill me.
Holy Shit! Get this: Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I feel terrible, but Hillary Clinton crapped in my gas tank.
Guess what happened?!? my mom made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Sacra Merde! Get this: a solar energy lobbyist ate my English Literature essay.
Don't blame me; Albert Einstein tried to seduce me.
I couldn't help it; the entire Green Party of Canada put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Donald Trump ate my English Literature essay.
You're never going to believe this; the evil committee that demoted Pluto hid my Trapper Keeper.
I'm sorry but a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer offered me a free Judo lesson.
I apologize, however a Hasidic Jew text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I couldn't be more apologetic but your mom crapped in my gas tank.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; your Ghost Daddy came on to me.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Sarah Palin kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I beg you a thousand pardons; a solar energy lobbyist came on me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother demanded narcotics of me.
My bad; the surviving members of the Beatles tried to sell me life insurance.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I couldn't go because Linus Torvalds slept with my uncle.
This is a terrible excuse but the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser broke into my house.
Please forgive me; Count Dracula gave me a hickey.
Who could believe it! the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Oh my gosh! Godzilla ate my homework.
This is going to sound crazy but a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer beat me into submission.
This is a terrible excuse but an angry mob of republicans called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Barrack Obama came after me.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
You're never going to believe this; Princess Peach ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I'm never usually like this; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother demanded narcotics of me.
My bad; Chell from Portal offered me a free Judo lesson.
Boy do I have a story for you; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me find Jesus.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a Hasidic Jew text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I'm sorry but the inventor of the Slanket crapped in my gas tank.
This is going to sound crazy but Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I feel terrible, but Sarah Palin demanded investment advice of me.
I lost track of time because the entire Roman Empire tried to kill me.
Oh my god! Kevin Spacey died right in front of me.
Holy Moley the entire Green Party of Canada stole my identity.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; your imaginary Sky Friend stole my bicycle.
This isn't what it looks like; your mom came on to me.
I couldn't be more apologetic but your Ghost Daddy made me vote for Khang.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to seduce me.
Don't blame me; the surviving members of the Beatles called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Who could believe it! Donald Trump died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Holy Shit! Get this: Mayor McCheese ate my English Literature essay.
Guess what happened?!? a British chap tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Sorry I'm late; a solar energy lobbyist pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
It's not my fault! Albert Einstein beat me into submission.
Please forgive me; the Flying Spaghetti Monster kept telling me knock knock jokes.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Hillary Clinton put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I couldn't help it; the evil committee that demoted Pluto spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Please try to be reasonable; Kevin Costner's stunt double gave me a hickey.
I swear it wasn't my fault, a triceratops named Penelope slept with my uncle.
I apologize, however a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Oh my gosh! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones ate my homework.
So I was minding my own business and boom! my mom tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Holy Moses! a handicapped gentleman made me vote for Khodos.
I couldn't go because the entire population of Norway came on me.
Boy do I have a story for you; the Spanish Inquisition made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I apologize, however your Sky Daddy tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
I feel terrible, but the editors of Mandatory.com tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the director of 101 Dalmations broke into my house.
Holy Shit! Get this: the entire Roman Empire hid my Trapper Keeper.
Please try to be reasonable; Linus Torvalds tried to sell me life insurance.
Holy Moses! Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Guess what happened?!? the evil committee that demoted Pluto offered me a free Judo lesson.
Don't blame me; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
My bad; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I'm never usually like this; Batman crapped in my gas tank.
Oh my god! the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Holy Moley the clone of Adolf Hitler came on to me.
I couldn't be more apologetic but your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the ghost of Adolf Hitler kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I couldn't go because a solar energy lobbyist ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
This is a terrible excuse but Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me vote for Khang.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Spiderman demanded narcotics of me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire Green party of Germany broke into my house.
This is going to sound crazy but Albert Einstein stole my identity.
Holy Moses! Donald Trump died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Holy Moley Kevin Costner's stunt double text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Please forgive me; the Roman Curia demanded investment advice of me.
Sorry I'm late; a Hasidic Jew ate my English Literature essay.
Oh my gosh! Mayor McCheese tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
I'm sorry but a triceratops named Penelope put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Chell from Portal came after me.
This is a terrible excuse but the editors of Mandatory.com tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Oh my god! Count Dracula forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Scrooge McDuck made me vote for Khodos.
It's not my fault! the Flying Spaghetti Monster ate my homework.
I feel terrible, but the Antea Cement company of Albania slept with my uncle.
My bad; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to kill me.
Boy do I have a story for you; Kevin Spacey stole my bicycle.
Sorry I'm late; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser made me find Jesus.
Holy Shit! Get this: the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to sell me life insurance.
I feel terrible, but Robin beat me into submission.
Don't blame me; a handicapped gentleman came on me.
I couldn't help it; Princess Peach gave me a hickey.
Holy Moses! your Sky Daddy hid my Trapper Keeper.
It's not my fault! Kevin Ware's leg bone pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Boy do I have a story for you; your Ghost Daddy tried to seduce me.
Oh my gosh! Thom of Finland made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; GlaDOS died right in front of me.
My bad; my mom spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the entire population of Norway gave me a hickey.
This is going to sound crazy but your mom pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Hillary Clinton kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I'm never usually like this; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team beat me into submission.
You're never going to believe this; the US ambassador to Sweden hid my Trapper Keeper.
This isn't what it looks like; Barrack Obama demanded investment advice of me.
Guess what happened?!? Godzilla stole my identity.
This is a terrible excuse but Forrest Gump tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; an angry mob of republicans made me vote for Khodos.
Please forgive me; Sarah Palin tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I couldn't be more apologetic but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
So I was minding my own business and boom! a British chap broke into my house.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Tom Hanks forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a man with six fingers on his right hand made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I couldn't go because the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys crapped in my gas tank.
Who could believe it! the inventor of the Slanket tried to kill me.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Raiden from Mortal Kombat stole my bicycle.
Holy Moley the Spanish Inquisition tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I apologize, however Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa ate my English Literature essay.
Please try to be reasonable; a group of ISIS terrorists made me find Jesus.
I lost track of time because the entire Green Party of Canada tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I'm sorry but the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Oh my god! the surviving members of the Beatles put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I feel terrible, but Dom DeLuise spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Holy Shit! Get this: Rob Ford came on me.
Oh my gosh! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer put me in a Chinese finger trap.
This is going to sound crazy but the Antea Cement company of Albania slept with my uncle.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the ghost of Margaret Thatcher made me find Jesus.
Please forgive me; Barrack Obama came after me.
I lost track of time because the entire Green party of Germany tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Holy Moses! the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I apologize, however a Hasidic Jew died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
It's not my fault! Spiderman demanded investment advice of me.
I couldn't go because the entire Green Party of Canada ate my homework.
My bad; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Linus Torvalds beat me into submission.
I'm sorry but Robin tried to kill me.
Holy Moley a British chap broke into my house.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the inventor of the Slanket tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Please try to be reasonable; the Flying Spaghetti Monster crapped in my gas tank.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; GlaDOS hid my Trapper Keeper.
Please forgive me; an angry mob of republicans made me vote for Khang.
It's not my fault! the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me life insurance.
I apologize, however the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys tried to sell me pork belly futures.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the Spanish Inquisition stole my identity.
I'm never usually like this; my mom spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I lost track of time because some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my gosh! your Ghost Daddy tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
This isn't what it looks like; the entire population of Norway kept telling me knock knock jokes.
My bad; Donald Trump's gross comb-over came on to me.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier ate my English Literature essay.
Boy do I have a story for you; Kevin Costner's stunt double gave me a hickey.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Tom Hanks tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Oh my gosh! your Sky Daddy offered me a free Judo lesson.
Sorry I'm late; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa stole my bicycle.
I couldn't go because a triceratops named Penelope spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Who could believe it! the surviving members of the Beatles broke into my house.
Holy Shit! Get this: your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I couldn't help it; Mayor McCheese tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
It's not my fault! Chell from Portal made me find Jesus.
I apologize, however Rob Ford made me vote for Khodos.
Holy Moley Donald Trump slept with my uncle.
You're never going to believe this; the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to seduce me.
Holy Moses! the entire population of Norway ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Count Dracula called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin Spacey demanded investment advice of me.
I lost track of time because Kevin Ware's leg bone demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my god! your Ghost Daddy stole my identity.
I swear it wasn't my fault, a group of ISIS terrorists tried to sell me life insurance.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa ate my homework.
Please forgive me; Dom DeLuise came on to me.
This is a terrible excuse but Thom of Finland beat me into submission.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the editors of Mandatory.com tried to kill me.
I'm sorry but your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
This is going to sound crazy but an angry mob of republicans forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I'm never usually like this; Sarah Palin put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Please try to be reasonable; the US ambassador to Sweden offered me a free Judo lesson.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Spiderman tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Don't blame me; the director of 101 Dalmations crapped in my gas tank.
Boy do I have a story for you; Princess Peach died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
My bad; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match came after me.
This isn't what it looks like; a man with six fingers on his right hand stole my bicycle.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Hillary Clinton ate my English Literature essay.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother died right in front of me.
I feel terrible, but the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys gave me a hickey.
Guess what happened?!? Mayor McCheese made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
I couldn't go because a solar energy lobbyist tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
So I was minding my own business and boom! my mom text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Boy do I have a story for you; your Sky Daddy tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I feel terrible, but a handicapped gentleman kept telling me knock knock jokes.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Barrack Obama made me vote for Khang.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the clone of Adolf Hitler came on me.
Don't blame me; the evil committee that demoted Pluto hid my Trapper Keeper.
Please forgive me; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher kept telling me knock knock jokes.
You're never going to believe this; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier came on me.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Raiden from Mortal Kombat came on to me.
I apologize, however the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
I lost track of time because a Hasidic Jew made me vote for Khang.
Holy Moley GlaDOS beat me into submission.
Oh my gosh! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Oh my god! Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Sorry I'm late; Robin tried to sell me life insurance.
Who could believe it! your mom died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the Flying Spaghetti Monster offered me a free Judo lesson.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Batman hid my Trapper Keeper.
This is going to sound crazy but the entire Green Party of Canada stole my identity.
I'm sorry but the entire Roman Empire made me find Jesus.
It's not my fault! Scrooge McDuck tried to sell me pork belly futures.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double crapped in my gas tank.
I couldn't help it; Chell from Portal ate my homework.
This isn't what it looks like; Forrest Gump tried to seduce me.
Holy Moses! Batman ate my English Literature essay.
Holy Shit! Get this: some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Please try to be reasonable; the entire Roman Empire tried to kill me.
This is a terrible excuse but Spiderman called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Guess what happened?!? the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Kevin Ware's leg bone stole my bicycle.
I'm never usually like this; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother died right in front of me.
My bad; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa demanded narcotics of me.
I'm never usually like this; Tom Hanks tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Holy Shit! Get this: the surviving members of the Beatles gave me a hickey.
Boy do I have a story for you; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I couldn't be more apologetic but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 broke into my house.
Who could believe it! the inventor of the Slanket tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Holy Moley the clone of Adolf Hitler made me vote for Khodos.
Holy Moses! an angry mob of republicans text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Oh my gosh! a handicapped gentleman slept with my uncle.
I feel terrible, but Hillary Clinton forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Don't blame me; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Donald Trump's gross comb-over broke into my house.
I'm sorry but the director of 101 Dalmations gave me a hickey.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Scrooge McDuck text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
This isn't what it looks like; Godzilla forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a group of ISIS terrorists beat me into submission.
Please forgive me; a man with six fingers on his right hand demanded narcotics of me.
I lost track of time because the Flying Spaghetti Monster put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I apologize, however your mom tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Sorry I'm late; Forrest Gump tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
My bad; a solar energy lobbyist offered me a free Judo lesson.
I couldn't go because Donald Trump made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Robin made me find Jesus.
This is going to sound crazy but Albert Einstein made me vote for Khang.
Please try to be reasonable; Count Dracula ate my homework.
Guess what happened?!? a Hasidic Jew ate my English Literature essay.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Rob Ford stole my bicycle.
This is a terrible excuse but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double made me vote for Khodos.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Linus Torvalds tried to kill me.
It's not my fault! your Ghost Daddy broke into my house.
Oh my god! Sarah Palin came on to me.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the Spanish Inquisition hid my Trapper Keeper.
You're never going to believe this; GlaDOS stole my bicycle.
I couldn't help it; the US ambassador to Sweden kept telling me knock knock jokes.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the Roman Curia pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Who could believe it! the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys ate my English Literature essay.
I apologize, however your Sky Daddy gave me a hickey.
I couldn't help it; my mom tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
You're never going to believe this; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Guess what happened?!? the editors of Mandatory.com ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Please forgive me; Kevin Spacey came on me.
This isn't what it looks like; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer crapped in my gas tank.
Don't blame me; your imaginary Sky Friend made me find Jesus.
My bad; the entire Green Party of Canada tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Dom DeLuise came after me.
This is going to sound crazy but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Mayor McCheese made me vote for Khodos.
Boy do I have a story for you; a British chap tried to seduce me.
Holy Moley the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser ate my homework.
Holy Shit! Get this: a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Raiden from Mortal Kombat demanded investment advice of me.
I'm never usually like this; the evil committee that demoted Pluto beat me into submission.
Holy Moses! Chell from Portal tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the ghost of Adolf Hitler stole my identity.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Princess Peach offered me a free Judo lesson.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the Antea Cement company of Albania made me vote for Khang.
I couldn't go because the entire population of Norway spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Holy Moses! the entire Green party of Germany tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
My bad; Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to sell me life insurance.
You're never going to believe this; Barrack Obama tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a triceratops named Penelope slept with my uncle.
This isn't what it looks like; a group of ISIS terrorists died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the Antea Cement company of Albania put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Oh my god! a solar energy lobbyist died right in front of me.
Please try to be reasonable; the entire Green party of Germany demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my gosh! Rob Ford called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the editors of Mandatory.com text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I apologize, however Mayor McCheese ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Boy do I have a story for you; a man with six fingers on his right hand came on me.
It's not my fault! Linus Torvalds ate my English Literature essay.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to seduce me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the Roman Curia tried to sell me pork belly futures.
You're never going to believe this; Tom Hanks came after me.
Please forgive me; the entire population of Norway died right in front of me.
This is going to sound crazy but Raiden from Mortal Kombat stole my bicycle.
It's not my fault! Spiderman beat me into submission.
Boy do I have a story for you; the director of 101 Dalmations called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
I feel terrible, but the entire Green Party of Canada tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Oh my god! the US ambassador to Sweden made me vote for Khodos.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa broke into my house.
This is a terrible excuse but the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire Green party of Germany ate my homework.
Don't blame me; GlaDOS demanded investment advice of me.
I couldn't help it; Scrooge McDuck tried to kill me.
Please try to be reasonable; a triceratops named Penelope slept with my uncle.
Holy Moses! the inventor of the Slanket forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I apologize, however Sarah Palin crapped in my gas tank.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the entire Roman Empire tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Please forgive me; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser hid my Trapper Keeper.
This isn't what it looks like; my mom pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Oh my god! Chell from Portal kept telling me knock knock jokes.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin Spacey made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I'm never usually like this; a solar energy lobbyist text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I'm sorry but the Antea Cement company of Albania demanded narcotics of me.
This is a terrible excuse but Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me life insurance.
Holy Shit! Get this: Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I feel terrible, but Donald Trump's gross comb-over stole my identity.
Holy Moses! the US ambassador to Sweden died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Guess what happened?!? the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys came on to me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; your Sky Daddy offered me a free Judo lesson.
I'm sorry but Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I couldn't go because Spiderman put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Boy do I have a story for you; Mayor McCheese made me find Jesus.
This is a terrible excuse but the surviving members of the Beatles made me vote for Khang.
This is going to sound crazy but your mom tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
You're never going to believe this; the ghost of Adolf Hitler gave me a hickey.
I apologize, however Kevin Ware's leg bone made me vote for Khodos.
Holy Moley Robin made me find Jesus.
I feel terrible, but Scrooge McDuck demanded narcotics of me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Barrack Obama text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match ate my English Literature essay.
Who could believe it! a solar energy lobbyist broke into my house.
It's not my fault! the Flying Spaghetti Monster came on me.
My bad; the director of 101 Dalmations put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Please try to be reasonable; a group of ISIS terrorists tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Oh my gosh! Batman made me vote for Khang.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but GlaDOS hid my Trapper Keeper.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; your imaginary Sky Friend called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
I feel terrible, but the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Thom of Finland tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
My bad; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I'm never usually like this; the evil committee that demoted Pluto gave me a hickey.
Please forgive me; Forrest Gump slept with my uncle.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Kevin Spacey tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother offered me a free Judo lesson.
Who could believe it! Princess Peach demanded investment advice of me.
So I was minding my own business and boom! the Antea Cement company of Albania beat me into submission.
I lost track of time because the editors of Mandatory.com crapped in my gas tank.
Don't blame me; Chell from Portal ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I apologize, however the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones died right in front of me.
This is going to sound crazy but a British chap kept telling me knock knock jokes.
Sorry I'm late; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula stole my bicycle.
I couldn't help it; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher ate my homework.
You're never going to believe this; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Guess what happened?!? the entire Green party of Germany tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Holy Shit! Get this: Hillary Clinton tried to seduce me.
Holy Moses! Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to sell me life insurance.
Boy do I have a story for you; the Roman Curia came after me.
This is a terrible excuse but Dom DeLuise came on to me.
I'm sorry but Albert Einstein spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a man with six fingers on his right hand stole my identity.
This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to kill me.
Oh my god! the editors of Mandatory.com made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Sorry I'm late; Mayor McCheese tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
It's not my fault! Robin forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
This isn't what it looks like; the Flying Spaghetti Monster tried to sell me life insurance.
Holy Shit! Get this: Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa broke into my house.
This is going to sound crazy but the Antea Cement company of Albania demanded investment advice of me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire population of Norway made me vote for Khang.
Holy Moley Spiderman ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I feel terrible, but Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to kill me.
Don't blame me; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I'm sorry but a group of ISIS terrorists stole my bicycle.
I apologize, however Batman came on to me.
Guess what happened?!? the Spanish Inquisition tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
My bad; the US ambassador to Sweden stole my identity.
I lost track of time because Forrest Gump made me find Jesus.
I'm never usually like this; a British chap beat me into submission.
Boy do I have a story for you; the evil committee that demoted Pluto tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the director of 101 Dalmations tried to seduce me.
I swear it wasn't my fault, an angry mob of republicans came after me.
It's not my fault! Robin called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Boy do I have a story for you; the editors of Mandatory.com offered me a free Judo lesson.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but GlaDOS ate my English Literature essay.
So I was minding my own business and boom! an angry mob of republicans died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I lost track of time because the ghost of Adolf Hitler put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Guess what happened?!? Spiderman hid my Trapper Keeper.
You're never going to believe this; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Kevin Costner's stunt double spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Please forgive me; Kevin Spacey demanded narcotics of me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Godzilla slept with my uncle.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Albert Einstein tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Holy Shit! Get this: the entire Green Party of Canada ate my homework.
I apologize, however a group of ISIS terrorists crapped in my gas tank.
This is a terrible excuse but Hillary Clinton tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
I couldn't help it; Thom of Finland text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Mayor McCheese forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Holy Moses! the Flying Spaghetti Monster kept telling me knock knock jokes.
This is going to sound crazy but your imaginary Sky Friend made me vote for Khodos.
Sorry I'm late; a solar energy lobbyist pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the director of 101 Dalmations made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I lost track of time because some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match gave me a hickey.
I'm sorry but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double died right in front of me.
Please try to be reasonable; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa came on me.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Princess Peach came after me.
Oh my gosh! Rob Ford tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
This isn't what it looks like; the Spanish Inquisition ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
It's not my fault! the entire Green party of Germany made me vote for Khang.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Forrest Gump crapped in my gas tank.
I feel terrible, but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team ate my homework.
Holy Moley Barrack Obama called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Who could believe it! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I couldn't go because the US ambassador to Sweden hid my Trapper Keeper.
Don't blame me; the Antea Cement company of Albania tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I'm never usually like this; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to seduce me.
Boy do I have a story for you; the evil committee that demoted Pluto made me vote for Khodos.
Oh my god! Kevin Ware's leg bone slept with my uncle.
I swear it wasn't my fault, your mom demanded investment advice of me.
My bad; Count Dracula text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Donald Trump tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
Oh my gosh! my mom demanded narcotics of me.
I'm never usually like this; Donald Trump's gross comb-over broke into my house.
I'm sorry but the Roman Curia spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Holy Shit! Get this: the surviving members of the Beatles made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
It's not my fault! Raiden from Mortal Kombat offered me a free Judo lesson.
I couldn't help it; a handicapped gentleman put me in a Chinese finger trap.
I feel terrible, but your Ghost Daddy made me find Jesus.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier stole my identity.
Please try to be reasonable; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher came on me.
Boy do I have a story for you; Batman tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I swear it wasn't my fault, a Hasidic Jew gave me a hickey.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
My bad; Scrooge McDuck tried to kill me.
Please forgive me; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser died right in front of me.
This isn't what it looks like; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
This is a terrible excuse but the clone of Adolf Hitler forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Dom DeLuise ate my English Literature essay.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Sarah Palin pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire population of Norway came on to me.
Holy Moley Linus Torvalds stole my bicycle.
I apologize, however a British chap died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I couldn't go because Chell from Portal tried to sell me life insurance.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a triceratops named Penelope beat me into submission.
Holy Moses! Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula crapped in my gas tank.
This is going to sound crazy but Tom Hanks came on me.
So I was minding my own business and boom! the inventor of the Slanket made me find Jesus.
Don't blame me; the entire Roman Empire offered me a free Judo lesson.
Who could believe it! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
I lost track of time because your Sky Daddy ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Sorry I'm late; the director of 101 Dalmations ate my homework.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Sarah Palin forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
You're never going to believe this; GlaDOS tried to seduce me.
Guess what happened?!? Kevin Spacey tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
Oh my god! Count Dracula ate my English Literature essay.
I beg you a thousand pardons; a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Kevin Costner's stunt double text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I couldn't go because your mom tried to sell me life insurance.
Please try to be reasonable; an angry mob of republicans spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Sorry I'm late; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier gave me a hickey.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the editors of Mandatory.com came on me.
Holy Shit! Get this: Robin made me vote for Khang.
Holy Moley my mom made me find Jesus.
I'm sorry but Mayor McCheese broke into my house.
I feel terrible, but the entire population of Norway beat me into submission.
Holy Moses! the ghost of Adolf Hitler demanded narcotics of me.
This is going to sound crazy but Tom Hanks came on to me.
Oh my god! the entire Roman Empire made me find Jesus.
Don't blame me; Kevin Ware's leg bone beat me into submission.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Batman pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Sacra Merde! Get this: a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I couldn't help it; a British chap slept with my uncle.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the US ambassador to Sweden called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Please try to be reasonable; Rob Ford offered me a free Judo lesson.
Holy Moses! the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
My bad; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones gave me a hickey.
I lost track of time because Robin hid my Trapper Keeper.
Guess what happened?!? Forrest Gump tried to sell me pork belly futures.
It's not my fault! the surviving members of the Beatles died right in front of me.
I feel terrible, but Count Dracula tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
You're never going to believe this; Albert Einstein demanded investment advice of me.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double came on me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a group of ISIS terrorists crapped in my gas tank.
I couldn't be more apologetic but your mom forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Don't blame me; a man with six fingers on his right hand stole my bicycle.
I'm never usually like this; a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me life insurance.
This is a terrible excuse but your Ghost Daddy made me vote for Khang.
I couldn't help it; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Princess Peach made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
Sorry I'm late; a solar energy lobbyist broke into my house.
Oh my god! the Flying Spaghetti Monster tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
This is going to sound crazy but Sarah Palin ate my homework.
So I was minding my own business and boom! the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys made me vote for Khodos.
Boy do I have a story for you; my mom stole my identity.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Raiden from Mortal Kombat spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Please forgive me; GlaDOS tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser tried to seduce me.
I'm sorry but Dom DeLuise kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I couldn't go because the Antea Cement company of Albania put me in a Chinese finger trap.
This isn't what it looks like; a handicapped gentleman tried to kill me.
Holy Moley Barrack Obama text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
Oh my gosh! the ghost of Adolf Hitler died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Who could believe it! the evil committee that demoted Pluto ate my English Literature essay.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team came after me.
I apologize, however the entire population of Norway made me vote for Khodos.
Holy Shit! Get this: Tom Hanks text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I swear it wasn't my fault, your imaginary Sky Friend forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the Spanish Inquisition ate my English Literature essay.
Holy Shit! Get this: an angry mob of republicans hid my Trapper Keeper.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Godzilla spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Sorry I'm late; Chell from Portal tried to seduce me.
Who could believe it! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I couldn't go because Thom of Finland tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
It's not my fault! Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula ate my English Literature essay.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
I lost track of time because Linus Torvalds gave me a hickey.
Boy do I have a story for you; Scrooge McDuck died right in front of me.
I beg you a thousand pardons; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the entire Green party of Germany came on me.
Please try to be reasonable; Kevin Costner's stunt double made me find Jesus.
Holy Moley Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother crapped in my gas tank.
Sacra Merde! Get this: Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I feel terrible, but your Sky Daddy tried to seduce me.
Oh my gosh! Kevin Spacey died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Oh my god! the inventor of the Slanket kept telling me knock knock jokes.
So I was minding my own business and boom! some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
You're never going to believe this; the director of 101 Dalmations pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Hillary Clinton slept with my uncle.
I couldn't help it; Spiderman tried to sell me life insurance.
This is a terrible excuse but the Roman Curia spin kicked me in the collar bone.
Guess what happened?!? Donald Trump ate my homework.
Holy Moses! the entire Green Party of Canada tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Don't blame me; Mayor McCheese ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
Please forgive me; the editors of Mandatory.com tried to kill me.
My bad; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 slept with my uncle.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me life insurance.
This isn't what it looks like; your Ghost Daddy put me in a Chinese finger trap.
This is going to sound crazy but Forrest Gump tried to sell me pork belly futures.
I'm never usually like this; the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
I'm sorry but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team offered me a free Judo lesson.
I apologize, however Princess Peach tried to seduce me.
Please forgive me; a triceratops named Penelope made me find Jesus.
I'm sorry but your mom called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
You're never going to believe this; the entire Green party of Germany made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Chell from Portal kept telling me knock knock jokes.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Albert Einstein came after me.
Oh my gosh! Godzilla ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I feel terrible, but Linus Torvalds made me vote for Khodos.
This is going to sound crazy but Donald Trump pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
I couldn't help it; Batman demanded investment advice of me.
I lost track of time because your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I beg you a thousand pardons; an angry mob of republicans died right in front of me.
I'm never usually like this; the entire Roman Empire stole my bicycle.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Rob Ford tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
This is a terrible excuse but Mayor McCheese stole my identity.
I couldn't go because GlaDOS forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
It's not my fault! Dom DeLuise text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
I feel terrible, but a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer hid my Trapper Keeper.
I swear it wasn't my fault, Hillary Clinton broke into my house.
I'm sorry but your Sky Daddy ate my English Literature essay.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Mayor McCheese crapped in my gas tank.
Oh my god! the editors of Mandatory.com beat me into submission.
Boy do I have a story for you; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to kill me.
Please try to be reasonable; the Roman Curia came on me.
Don't blame me; Chell from Portal gave me a hickey.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Raiden from Mortal Kombat spin kicked me in the collar bone.
You're never going to believe this; the entire Roman Empire came on to me.
This is going to sound crazy but a man with six fingers on his right hand ate my homework.
I apologize, however an angry mob of republicans died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
Please forgive me; a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I couldn't be more apologetic but the director of 101 Dalmations demanded narcotics of me.
I couldn't help it; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 made me vote for Khang.
Guess what happened?!? the Spanish Inquisition tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
I lost track of time because your Ghost Daddy hid my Trapper Keeper.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire Roman Empire called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
Oh my gosh! the entire Green party of Germany made me vote for Khodos.
Holy Moley Tom Hanks died right in front of me.
Holy Moses! Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double text messaged racial slurs from my phone.
My bad; the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
This isn't what it looks like; Chell from Portal spin kicked me in the collar bone.
I'm never usually like this; your imaginary Sky Friend broke into my house.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the entire Green party of Germany stole my bicycle.
Who could believe it! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser slept with my uncle.
Sorry I'm late; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team offered me a free Judo lesson.
Holy Shit! Get this: the ghost of Margaret Thatcher demanded investment advice of me.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the clone of Adolf Hitler came on me.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Dom DeLuise crapped in my gas tank.
This is a terrible excuse but Kevin Ware's leg bone put me in a Chinese finger trap.
Holy Shit! Get this: all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
I apologize, however Barrack Obama tried to sell me pork belly futures.
Holy Moley Spiderman tried to sell me life insurance.
I feel terrible, but the surviving members of the Beatles pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.
Boy do I have a story for you; Count Dracula died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.
I swear it wasn't my fault, the editors of Mandatory.com tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Sorry I'm late; Hillary Clinton tried to kill me.
Don't blame me; the evil committee that demoted Pluto ate my homework.
You're never going to believe this; an angry mob of republicans ate my English Literature essay.
I couldn't help it; a handicapped gentleman tried to seduce me.
Who could believe it! the ghost of Adolf Hitler gave me a hickey.
This isn't what it looks like; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys stole my identity.
My bad; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula kept telling me knock knock jokes.
Oh my gosh! the Spanish Inquisition demanded narcotics of me.
The most unbelievable thing just happened; Raiden from Mortal Kombat made me vote for Khang.
I couldn't be more apologetic but Donald Trump forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
I'm never usually like this; Princess Peach tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.
Please forgive me; your mom beat me into submission.
Guess what happened?!? the entire Green Party of Canada ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I lost track of time because Batman made me find Jesus.
I couldn't go because your imaginary Sky Friend came on to me.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Donald Trump's gross comb-over came after me.
Oh my god! some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match ate my homework.
Please try to be reasonable; Kevin Costner's stunt double made me find Jesus.
Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire population of Norway tried to seduce me.
It's not my fault! Rob Ford tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.
Holy Moses! the entire Roman Empire ran me over with a diesel backhoe.
I'm sorry but my mom tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Albert Einstein hid my Trapper Keeper.
A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the inventor of the Slanket offered me a free Judo lesson.
This is going to sound crazy but a triceratops named Penelope stole my identity.
Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double ate my English Literature essay.
Sacra Merde! Get this: a group of ISIS terrorists forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.
Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the director of 101 Dalmations tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.
So I was minding my own business and boom! Chell from Portal called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.
I couldn't help it; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa demanded investment advice of me.
Holy Shit! Get this: a Hasidic Jew demanded narcotics of me.
Oh my god! the Flying Spaghetti Monster broke into my house.
I beg you a thousand pardons; Robin died right in front of me.
Guess what happened?!? Mayor McCheese made me vote for Khodos.
I'm never usually like this; the Antea Cement company of Albania made me vote for Khang.
Sorry I'm late; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.
