
It's not my fault! some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me vote for Khodos.

Don't blame me; Kevin Spacey stole my identity.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire Green party of Germany tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

This isn't what it looks like; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer died right in front of me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the evil committee that demoted Pluto offered me a free Judo lesson.

Oh my god! the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier beat me into submission.

I beg you a thousand pardons; a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me life insurance.

Holy Moses! my mom broke into my house.

Guess what happened?!? Dom DeLuise made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

This is a terrible excuse but your Sky Daddy kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your mom pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the ghost of Margaret Thatcher stole my bicycle.

I apologize, however the surviving members of the Beatles tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Scrooge McDuck gave me a hickey.

Oh my gosh! Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Sorry I'm late; Albert Einstein died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Please forgive me; Hillary Clinton ate my English Literature essay.

I feel terrible, but Donald Trump's gross comb-over slept with my uncle.

I couldn't go because Raiden from Mortal Kombat demanded investment advice of me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Godzilla beat me into submission.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Mayor McCheese came after me.

Who could believe it! Count Dracula came on to me.

Boy do I have a story for you; Thom of Finland tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

My bad; a solar energy lobbyist slept with my uncle.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the Roman Curia ate my homework.

This is going to sound crazy but Kevin Ware's leg bone died right in front of me.

I lost track of time because a man with six fingers on his right hand crapped in my gas tank.

I couldn't help it; the entire Roman Empire tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Holy Shit! Get this: the ghost of Adolf Hitler made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

I'm never usually like this; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to kill me.

Holy Moley a triceratops named Penelope ate my English Literature essay.

You're never going to believe this; the clone of Adolf Hitler made me find Jesus.

I lost track of time because Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Tom Hanks text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Sacra Merde! Get this: an angry mob of republicans stole my bicycle.

Please forgive me; the Antea Cement company of Albania beat me into submission.

I'm never usually like this; the Flying Spaghetti Monster demanded narcotics of me.

Guess what happened?!? Forrest Gump died right in front of me.

Please try to be reasonable; Rob Ford tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Sorry I'm late; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the entire population of Norway tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Boy do I have a story for you; Sarah Palin stole my identity.

Holy Shit! Get this: the editors of Mandatory.com put me in a Chinese finger trap.

You're never going to believe this; the inventor of the Slanket tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Who could believe it! the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys crapped in my gas tank.

I couldn't go because Chell from Portal made me vote for Khodos.

I apologize, however Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa came after me.

Oh my gosh! Donald Trump hid my Trapper Keeper.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Princess Peach spin kicked me in the collar bone.

It's not my fault! the entire Green Party of Canada tried to kill me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but a British chap tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

This isn't what it looks like; a handicapped gentleman tried to seduce me.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the Spanish Inquisition broke into my house.

I'm sorry but Batman slept with my uncle.

I feel terrible, but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to sell me life insurance.

My bad; Barrack Obama made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the US ambassador to Sweden demanded investment advice of me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your imaginary Sky Friend came on me.

Oh my god! a group of ISIS terrorists gave me a hickey.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; your Ghost Daddy died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

I couldn't help it; the director of 101 Dalmations pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Holy Moses! Robin ate my homework.

This is a terrible excuse but Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Don't blame me; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser kept telling me knock knock jokes.

This is going to sound crazy but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team made me vote for Khang.

Holy Moley Spiderman ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Oh my god! Linus Torvalds tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I swear it wasn't my fault, GlaDOS came on to me.

This is going to sound crazy but Kevin Costner's stunt double offered me a free Judo lesson.

Please try to be reasonable; a man with six fingers on his right hand crapped in my gas tank.

I couldn't be more apologetic but GlaDOS died right in front of me.

You're never going to believe this; your Ghost Daddy beat me into submission.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

This isn't what it looks like; the Flying Spaghetti Monster slept with my uncle.

Holy Moley your imaginary Sky Friend broke into my house.

I'm never usually like this; Batman came on me.

Don't blame me; the entire Green Party of Canada made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

It's not my fault! Sarah Palin forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Sorry I'm late; the Spanish Inquisition died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother demanded investment advice of me.

Who could believe it! Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I couldn't go because Hillary Clinton put me in a Chinese finger trap.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the evil committee that demoted Pluto came on to me.

Oh my gosh! Dom DeLuise tried to seduce me.

Please forgive me; Linus Torvalds broke into my house.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghost of Adolf Hitler kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Holy Shit! Get this: the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones slept with my uncle.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Mayor McCheese crapped in my gas tank.

I lost track of time because Princess Peach gave me a hickey.

My bad; Barrack Obama pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the clone of Adolf Hitler made me find Jesus.

I'm sorry but the entire Green party of Germany died right in front of me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: a British chap demanded investment advice of me.

I apologize, however the surviving members of the Beatles tried to sell me life insurance.

Holy Moses! the entire population of Norway crapped in my gas tank.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the Roman Curia called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

This is a terrible excuse but Forrest Gump died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Guess what happened?!? a solar energy lobbyist died right in front of me.

I couldn't help it; Kevin Ware's leg bone pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I feel terrible, but the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys tried to sell me life insurance.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire Roman Empire tried to kill me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier broke into my house.

My bad; Scrooge McDuck kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I apologize, however a handicapped gentleman demanded narcotics of me.

Holy Moses! the ghost of Margaret Thatcher demanded investment advice of me.

This is going to sound crazy but the Antea Cement company of Albania slept with my uncle.

Sorry I'm late; Raiden from Mortal Kombat put me in a Chinese finger trap.

I feel terrible, but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I couldn't help it; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double hid my Trapper Keeper.

I couldn't go because Godzilla made me find Jesus.

I beg you a thousand pardons; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Boy do I have a story for you; an angry mob of republicans tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

This is a terrible excuse but Albert Einstein crapped in my gas tank.

I couldn't be more apologetic but a triceratops named Penelope tried to seduce me.

Holy Shit! Get this: some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

It's not my fault! my mom ate my English Literature essay.

I'm sorry but Donald Trump stole my identity.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a group of ISIS terrorists ate my homework.

You're never going to believe this; the US ambassador to Sweden stole my bicycle.

Please try to be reasonable; Thom of Finland came on to me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Tom Hanks made me vote for Khodos.

Oh my god! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I lost track of time because the editors of Mandatory.com spin kicked me in the collar bone.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Who could believe it! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa made me vote for Khang.

This isn't what it looks like; Kevin Spacey died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Chell from Portal came after me.

Don't blame me; Rob Ford text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the director of 101 Dalmations tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Please try to be reasonable; Spiderman beat me into submission.

This isn't what it looks like; Count Dracula tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

You're never going to believe this; your Sky Daddy came on me.

This is going to sound crazy but your mom came after me.

Please forgive me; Robin hid my Trapper Keeper.

Boy do I have a story for you; the inventor of the Slanket made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but my mom stole my bicycle.

I lost track of time because a group of ISIS terrorists demanded narcotics of me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Dom DeLuise called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Holy Moley Linus Torvalds died right in front of me.

Who could believe it! Spiderman tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Oh my gosh! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa offered me a free Judo lesson.

This is a terrible excuse but the evil committee that demoted Pluto put me in a Chinese finger trap.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Scrooge McDuck tried to sell me pork belly futures.

My bad; the entire Roman Empire pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Holy Shit! Get this: Count Dracula tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I couldn't go because your mom text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

It's not my fault! Kevin Ware's leg bone died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Guess what happened?!? Forrest Gump ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Oh my god! a man with six fingers on his right hand ate my homework.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Don't blame me; an angry mob of republicans slept with my uncle.

Holy Moses! some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me vote for Khodos.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser gave me a hickey.

I couldn't be more apologetic but a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer came on me.

I'm never usually like this; Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to seduce me.

I feel terrible, but a handicapped gentleman tried to sell me life insurance.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Kevin Spacey ate my English Literature essay.

I apologize, however Sarah Palin spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Sorry I'm late; Chell from Portal forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I couldn't help it; GlaDOS tried to kill me.

I'm sorry but the entire Green Party of Canada broke into my house.

Sacra Merde! Get this: your Ghost Daddy kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I feel terrible, but Robin tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Oh my god! Raiden from Mortal Kombat demanded investment advice of me.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team crapped in my gas tank.

Holy Moley the Flying Spaghetti Monster made me vote for Khang.

I couldn't go because the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys made me find Jesus.

Sorry I'm late; the entire population of Norway beat me into submission.

Holy Shit! Get this: Albert Einstein came on to me.

You're never going to believe this; the entire Green party of Germany stole my identity.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the Spanish Inquisition tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

I'm never usually like this; Thom of Finland demanded investment advice of me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the ghost of Adolf Hitler beat me into submission.

This is going to sound crazy but Mayor McCheese hid my Trapper Keeper.

I apologize, however Kevin Ware's leg bone beat me into submission.

My bad; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier came on to me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Holy Moses! the evil committee that demoted Pluto tried to seduce me.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer broke into my house.

This is a terrible excuse but my mom ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

So I was minding my own business and boom! your Sky Daddy tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the editors of Mandatory.com stole my identity.

Don't blame me; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team demanded investment advice of me.

Please forgive me; a Hasidic Jew came on me.

This isn't what it looks like; Batman made me vote for Khodos.

Guess what happened?!? the entire Green Party of Canada gave me a hickey.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a group of ISIS terrorists tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

I lost track of time because all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I couldn't help it; a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to kill me.

Who could believe it! the entire Roman Empire forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Please try to be reasonable; the Antea Cement company of Albania came after me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Sarah Palin demanded narcotics of me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the US ambassador to Sweden offered me a free Judo lesson.

It's not my fault! Donald Trump put me in a Chinese finger trap.

I'm sorry but Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me vote for Khang.

Oh my gosh! Dom DeLuise tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I couldn't help it; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Holy Moley a solar energy lobbyist text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

This is a terrible excuse but your Ghost Daddy slept with my uncle.

Boy do I have a story for you; Hillary Clinton tried to sell me life insurance.

I feel terrible, but the inventor of the Slanket ate my English Literature essay.

Please forgive me; Kevin Spacey made me find Jesus.

You're never going to believe this; Robin called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Who could believe it! Rob Ford ate my homework.

I'm sorry but Godzilla died right in front of me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire Green party of Germany died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Oh my god! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa crapped in my gas tank.

I apologize, however Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Guess what happened?!? Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

It's not my fault! Linus Torvalds stole my bicycle.

Don't blame me; Batman spin kicked me in the collar bone.

My bad; the surviving members of the Beatles tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the entire Green Party of Canada died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Adolf Hitler text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

I couldn't go because all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Holy Moses! an angry mob of republicans made me vote for Khang.

I lost track of time because the Antea Cement company of Albania stole my bicycle.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Donald Trump ate my English Literature essay.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Count Dracula tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Sorry I'm late; Scrooge McDuck hid my Trapper Keeper.

I'm never usually like this; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to seduce me.

Holy Shit! Get this: the entire Roman Empire tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Please try to be reasonable; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

This is going to sound crazy but Spiderman tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Oh my gosh! my mom pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Forrest Gump tried to sell me life insurance.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Donald Trump's gross comb-over called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Hillary Clinton came on me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the Roman Curia came on to me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your Ghost Daddy ate my homework.

I beg you a thousand pardons; a handicapped gentleman made me find Jesus.

I couldn't help it; the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I couldn't go because your mom slept with my uncle.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Tom Hanks spin kicked me in the collar bone.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Albert Einstein tried to kill me.

Who could believe it! a British chap kept telling me knock knock jokes.

This is a terrible excuse but Princess Peach beat me into submission.

Sorry I'm late; a group of ISIS terrorists came after me.

This is going to sound crazy but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team demanded investment advice of me.

I couldn't help it; Sarah Palin made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Holy Shit! Get this: the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Kevin Ware's leg bone tried to sell me pork belly futures.

You're never going to believe this; Rob Ford stole my identity.

Don't blame me; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier demanded narcotics of me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones crapped in my gas tank.

Oh my god! the US ambassador to Sweden gave me a hickey.

Holy Moley Kevin Spacey offered me a free Judo lesson.

I swear it wasn't my fault, some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match made me vote for Khodos.

Please forgive me; the surviving members of the Beatles forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

My bad; a Hasidic Jew broke into my house.

Holy Moses! the inventor of the Slanket died right in front of me.

I'm never usually like this; the editors of Mandatory.com ate my English Literature essay.

I couldn't go because Thom of Finland came on me.

Please try to be reasonable; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I lost track of time because a triceratops named Penelope forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Oh my gosh! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer broke into my house.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Mayor McCheese beat me into submission.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin Costner's stunt double died right in front of me.

It's not my fault! the entire Green party of Germany made me find Jesus.

This isn't what it looks like; Raiden from Mortal Kombat put me in a Chinese finger trap.

I'm sorry but the entire population of Norway stole my bicycle.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double made me vote for Khang.

Guess what happened?!? GlaDOS came after me.

I apologize, however Batman tried to sell me pork belly futures.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Chell from Portal broke into my house.

Boy do I have a story for you; your Sky Daddy text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

I couldn't be more apologetic but a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to sell me life insurance.

I feel terrible, but Barrack Obama died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Holy Moley the Spanish Inquisition tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

You're never going to believe this; the Flying Spaghetti Monster gave me a hickey.

Please forgive me; Godzilla tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Robin demanded narcotics of me.

I'm never usually like this; the director of 101 Dalmations came on to me.

Oh my god! Linus Torvalds slept with my uncle.

I apologize, however your imaginary Sky Friend ate my homework.

Sorry I'm late; the evil committee that demoted Pluto ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me vote for Khang.

This is a terrible excuse but Donald Trump forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Oh my god! Mayor McCheese made me vote for Khodos.

Guess what happened?!? Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to seduce me.

I apologize, however Batman tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Don't blame me; the editors of Mandatory.com ate my English Literature essay.

My bad; Forrest Gump died right in front of me.

Please try to be reasonable; Count Dracula came on me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; your imaginary Sky Friend put me in a Chinese finger trap.

I couldn't go because an angry mob of republicans crapped in my gas tank.

I feel terrible, but the Antea Cement company of Albania tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I couldn't help it; your mom text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

You're never going to believe this; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Holy Shit! Get this: Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Oh my gosh! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Please forgive me; Donald Trump pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher broke into my house.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a man with six fingers on his right hand spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Scrooge McDuck hid my Trapper Keeper.

Holy Moses! the clone of Adolf Hitler stole my bicycle.

This is going to sound crazy but the US ambassador to Sweden stole my identity.

This is a terrible excuse but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 made me find Jesus.

Who could believe it! Kevin Costner's stunt double demanded investment advice of me.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Dom DeLuise offered me a free Judo lesson.

It's not my fault! Godzilla called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Holy Moley GlaDOS beat me into submission.

Guess what happened?!? the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser came after me.

I'm never usually like this; the surviving members of the Beatles tried to kill me.

I'm sorry but a handicapped gentleman ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Mayor McCheese pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I couldn't help it; the editors of Mandatory.com tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

It's not my fault! Spiderman tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Boy do I have a story for you; Robin tried to kill me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! a solar energy lobbyist came on to me.

You're never going to believe this; the Spanish Inquisition forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Who could believe it! an angry mob of republicans demanded investment advice of me.

Oh my god! the Flying Spaghetti Monster ate my English Literature essay.

Holy Moley a British chap ate my homework.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Princess Peach hid my Trapper Keeper.

My bad; Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Holy Moses! Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I apologize, however your Sky Daddy made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Don't blame me; Forrest Gump came on to me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Oh my gosh! the entire Roman Empire ate my English Literature essay.

I lost track of time because Albert Einstein beat me into submission.

This is a terrible excuse but Tom Hanks kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I couldn't go because Batman spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I beg you a thousand pardons; your Ghost Daddy put me in a Chinese finger trap.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; your imaginary Sky Friend demanded investment advice of me.

Sorry I'm late; Barrack Obama made me find Jesus.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Sarah Palin tried to sell me life insurance.

I feel terrible, but Thom of Finland tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Rob Ford ate my homework.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Chell from Portal died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Please forgive me; the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Please try to be reasonable; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team made me vote for Khang.

This is going to sound crazy but the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys slept with my uncle.

Holy Shit! Get this: the inventor of the Slanket came on me.

Don't blame me; a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the entire Green party of Germany made me vote for Khodos.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Hillary Clinton tried to kill me.

This isn't what it looks like; Kevin Spacey died right in front of me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Kevin Ware's leg bone gave me a hickey.

Please try to be reasonable; a group of ISIS terrorists offered me a free Judo lesson.

Holy Moley the evil committee that demoted Pluto called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I couldn't help it; the entire population of Norway ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

You're never going to believe this; the Roman Curia forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Oh my gosh! Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to seduce me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I lost track of time because the director of 101 Dalmations crapped in my gas tank.

I'm sorry but my mom made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

I'm never usually like this; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula came after me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the entire Green Party of Canada broke into my house.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the Antea Cement company of Albania text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Boy do I have a story for you; Count Dracula hid my Trapper Keeper.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Linus Torvalds stole my bicycle.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier stole my identity.

Please forgive me; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Sorry I'm late; a man with six fingers on his right hand demanded narcotics of me.

Oh my god! the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to sell me pork belly futures.

This is a terrible excuse but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 made me vote for Khodos.

It's not my fault! the inventor of the Slanket stole my identity.

Guess what happened?!? Barrack Obama beat me into submission.

This is going to sound crazy but Robin crapped in my gas tank.

My bad; the editors of Mandatory.com demanded narcotics of me.

I apologize, however Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother made me vote for Khang.

Who could believe it! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer ate my homework.

I feel terrible, but Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Holy Moses! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I couldn't go because a British chap tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

This is a terrible excuse but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match offered me a free Judo lesson.

Holy Moses! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

It's not my fault! Chell from Portal died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

This isn't what it looks like; Godzilla called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

This is going to sound crazy but the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to kill me.

My bad; the Spanish Inquisition kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Boy do I have a story for you; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys hid my Trapper Keeper.

I couldn't help it; Thom of Finland tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

This isn't what it looks like; the US ambassador to Sweden ate my English Literature essay.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me life insurance.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but a British chap made me find Jesus.

Please forgive me; Kevin Spacey came on me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: an angry mob of republicans tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Batman broke into my house.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the entire population of Norway put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Guess what happened?!? Kevin Ware's leg bone came on to me.

Oh my god! the ghost of Margaret Thatcher stole my bicycle.

Holy Moley the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team gave me a hickey.

I'm never usually like this; a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a group of ISIS terrorists spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I lost track of time because a handicapped gentleman demanded investment advice of me.

Please try to be reasonable; Donald Trump's gross comb-over slept with my uncle.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Donald Trump came after me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! your Sky Daddy made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

I feel terrible, but the Roman Curia tried to seduce me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the entire Roman Empire died right in front of me.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the evil committee that demoted Pluto text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

It's not my fault! Sarah Palin ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Oh my god! GlaDOS tried to seduce me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

You're never going to believe this; the clone of Adolf Hitler beat me into submission.

Don't blame me; your Ghost Daddy stole my identity.

Who could believe it! a Hasidic Jew stole my bicycle.

I'm sorry but Forrest Gump slept with my uncle.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Albert Einstein hid my Trapper Keeper.

I couldn't help it; Tom Hanks came on me.

I apologize, however Mayor McCheese made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

I couldn't go because Count Dracula came on to me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 offered me a free Judo lesson.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Spiderman ate my homework.

Don't blame me; the entire Green Party of Canada made me find Jesus.

Holy Moley Dom DeLuise ate my English Literature essay.

Please try to be reasonable; Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to kill me.

Who could believe it! Raiden from Mortal Kombat broke into my house.

It's not my fault! Linus Torvalds called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Sorry I'm late; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match gave me a hickey.

This isn't what it looks like; a man with six fingers on his right hand ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I couldn't help it; Hillary Clinton kept telling me knock knock jokes.

This is going to sound crazy but Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Please forgive me; the editors of Mandatory.com pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Princess Peach put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Holy Moses! the inventor of the Slanket made me vote for Khodos.

Oh my gosh! your imaginary Sky Friend forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I'm sorry but the surviving members of the Beatles tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; my mom made me vote for Khang.

I apologize, however Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother demanded investment advice of me.

I lost track of time because the Flying Spaghetti Monster came after me.

I feel terrible, but Rob Ford text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

My bad; the Roman Curia died right in front of me.

Holy Shit! Get this: Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys tried to sell me life insurance.

Guess what happened?!? Rob Ford died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Oh my god! a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

This is a terrible excuse but Barrack Obama tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser crapped in my gas tank.

Boy do I have a story for you; Godzilla demanded narcotics of me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the director of 101 Dalmations tried to kill me.

You're never going to believe this; the evil committee that demoted Pluto died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

I beg you a thousand pardons; my mom offered me a free Judo lesson.

I'm never usually like this; Robin tried to sell me life insurance.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the US ambassador to Sweden called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the surviving members of the Beatles spin kicked me in the collar bone.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the entire Green Party of Canada tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Holy Moley Hillary Clinton made me find Jesus.

Holy Moses! Kevin Costner's stunt double died right in front of me.

I couldn't help it; the Antea Cement company of Albania tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the ghost of Margaret Thatcher kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I'm never usually like this; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a solar energy lobbyist stole my bicycle.

I couldn't go because Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula hid my Trapper Keeper.

This is a terrible excuse but Spiderman demanded narcotics of me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the entire Roman Empire pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Don't blame me; Kevin Ware's leg bone tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Holy Shit! Get this: Count Dracula tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Guess what happened?!? Batman made me vote for Khodos.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Scrooge McDuck gave me a hickey.

This is going to sound crazy but Linus Torvalds forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

You're never going to believe this; Forrest Gump came on me.

Sorry I'm late; a British chap stole my identity.

Who could believe it! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser hid my Trapper Keeper.

I feel terrible, but Albert Einstein demanded investment advice of me.

I lost track of time because the director of 101 Dalmations stole my identity.

I apologize, however Forrest Gump came after me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Oh my gosh! the inventor of the Slanket put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Please try to be reasonable; the clone of Adolf Hitler came on to me.

It's not my fault! Godzilla demanded narcotics of me.

I'm sorry but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match died right in front of me.

This isn't what it looks like; Barrack Obama came on me.

Please forgive me; Dom DeLuise spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Oh my god! Spiderman made me find Jesus.

My bad; the evil committee that demoted Pluto made me vote for Khang.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the Spanish Inquisition gave me a hickey.

I feel terrible, but my mom ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

It's not my fault! the Flying Spaghetti Monster forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Please forgive me; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Sacra Merde! Get this: an angry mob of republicans tried to seduce me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Adolf Hitler stole my bicycle.

I apologize, however the entire population of Norway offered me a free Judo lesson.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Tom Hanks called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Holy Moley Thom of Finland ate my English Literature essay.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me vote for Khodos.

I feel terrible, but your Ghost Daddy crapped in my gas tank.

Guess what happened?!? Robin made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

This isn't what it looks like; a British chap died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

You're never going to believe this; Sarah Palin tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I couldn't help it; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones broke into my house.

I'm sorry but Hillary Clinton tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

This is going to sound crazy but Albert Einstein ate my homework.

I'm never usually like this; Chell from Portal kept telling me knock knock jokes.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; a Hasidic Jew slept with my uncle.

My bad; the editors of Mandatory.com tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

It's not my fault! the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me life insurance.

Sorry I'm late; the Roman Curia pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Don't blame me; the entire population of Norway beat me into submission.

Who could believe it! the US ambassador to Sweden text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

This is a terrible excuse but your Sky Daddy tried to kill me.

Please try to be reasonable; Sarah Palin tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula stole my bicycle.

I couldn't go because the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; an angry mob of republicans put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Oh my gosh! Batman demanded narcotics of me.

Holy Shit! Get this: a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Chell from Portal made me vote for Khodos.

Holy Moses! the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys demanded investment advice of me.

Boy do I have a story for you; my mom forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I lost track of time because Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I couldn't be more apologetic but a handicapped gentleman made me find Jesus.

Oh my god! a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer ate my homework.

Who could believe it! a triceratops named Penelope ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Oh my god! Princess Peach hid my Trapper Keeper.

This isn't what it looks like; Hillary Clinton beat me into submission.

I feel terrible, but Dom DeLuise tried to seduce me.

It's not my fault! Forrest Gump text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the evil committee that demoted Pluto kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I'm sorry but Linus Torvalds pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Holy Moses! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Scrooge McDuck gave me a hickey.

This is going to sound crazy but Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I couldn't help it; the Antea Cement company of Albania died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me life insurance.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your mom died right in front of me.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Donald Trump's gross comb-over stole my identity.

Please forgive me; the inventor of the Slanket ate my English Literature essay.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 made me vote for Khang.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier came on me.

Please try to be reasonable; a British chap crapped in my gas tank.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Mayor McCheese came on to me.

Holy Shit! Get this: the Spanish Inquisition broke into my house.

This is a terrible excuse but Robin offered me a free Judo lesson.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Rob Ford tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

So I was minding my own business and boom! a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to kill me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the director of 101 Dalmations tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

This isn't what it looks like; Spiderman called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I lost track of time because Raiden from Mortal Kombat came after me.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Kevin Ware's leg bone slept with my uncle.

You're never going to believe this; Kevin Spacey made me vote for Khang.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I apologize, however the entire Green Party of Canada forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Holy Moley a solar energy lobbyist demanded investment advice of me.

Oh my gosh! Thom of Finland came after me.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; your Ghost Daddy ate my homework.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Tom Hanks tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Holy Moley Godzilla stole my identity.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the surviving members of the Beatles came on to me.

This is going to sound crazy but Count Dracula made me vote for Khang.

Oh my gosh! the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me life insurance.

Holy Shit! Get this: Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I couldn't help it; the editors of Mandatory.com broke into my house.

I feel terrible, but Donald Trump ate my English Literature essay.

Holy Moses! your imaginary Sky Friend made me find Jesus.

Boy do I have a story for you; a group of ISIS terrorists spin kicked me in the collar bone.

My bad; the entire Roman Empire died right in front of me.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; GlaDOS ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I apologize, however Albert Einstein died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Oh my god! the entire Green party of Germany tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Don't blame me; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match offered me a free Judo lesson.

Please forgive me; Barrack Obama slept with my uncle.

Oh my god! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to kill me.

I couldn't help it; the Flying Spaghetti Monster stole my bicycle.

Guess what happened?!? Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother came on me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! your Ghost Daddy tried to seduce me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Godzilla made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

You're never going to believe this; your Sky Daddy tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Boy do I have a story for you; a triceratops named Penelope kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I feel terrible, but Chell from Portal tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double gave me a hickey.

Holy Moses! the clone of Adolf Hitler made me vote for Khodos.

I'm never usually like this; your mom beat me into submission.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the Flying Spaghetti Monster crapped in my gas tank.

Holy Moley Princess Peach tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

I couldn't go because the ghost of Margaret Thatcher put me in a Chinese finger trap.

My bad; Dom DeLuise hid my Trapper Keeper.

It's not my fault! a Hasidic Jew demanded narcotics of me.

This is a terrible excuse but your imaginary Sky Friend pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Please try to be reasonable; a solar energy lobbyist text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Count Dracula ate my homework.

This is going to sound crazy but your Sky Daddy offered me a free Judo lesson.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the inventor of the Slanket made me vote for Khang.

I apologize, however Mayor McCheese made me vote for Khodos.

Holy Shit! Get this: a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer died right in front of me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys made me find Jesus.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula tried to kill me.

Who could believe it! Sarah Palin tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Sorry I'm late; Chell from Portal tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I lost track of time because your mom tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a triceratops named Penelope put me in a Chinese finger trap.

This isn't what it looks like; Scrooge McDuck kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I'm sorry but the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier beat me into submission.

Oh my gosh! Forrest Gump text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

I'm never usually like this; my mom tried to sell me life insurance.

Guess what happened?!? the evil committee that demoted Pluto forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the Spanish Inquisition spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Who could believe it! Batman ate my English Literature essay.

I lost track of time because a group of ISIS terrorists came on me.

I couldn't go because Albert Einstein tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Please forgive me; the entire Green Party of Canada pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

This isn't what it looks like; Raiden from Mortal Kombat demanded narcotics of me.

This is a terrible excuse but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team demanded investment advice of me.

Sorry I'm late; Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Please try to be reasonable; Robin tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Godzilla broke into my house.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Spiderman slept with my uncle.

It's not my fault! a handicapped gentleman stole my identity.

Holy Moley the entire Roman Empire ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I'm sorry but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Oh my god! the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser gave me a hickey.

I feel terrible, but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double hid my Trapper Keeper.

This is going to sound crazy but Raiden from Mortal Kombat made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; my mom stole my bicycle.

Holy Moses! Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula came on to me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the Roman Curia crapped in my gas tank.

Holy Shit! Get this: Count Dracula came after me.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Thom of Finland tried to seduce me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Princess Peach called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; an angry mob of republicans stole my identity.

I beg you a thousand pardons; your Sky Daddy tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I'm sorry but the clone of Adolf Hitler stole my bicycle.

Holy Moses! a British chap broke into my house.

Oh my god! the evil committee that demoted Pluto ate my English Literature essay.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the entire Green party of Germany kept telling me knock knock jokes.

This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Adolf Hitler called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Sorry I'm late; Kevin Ware's leg bone hid my Trapper Keeper.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the Flying Spaghetti Monster died right in front of me.

I'm never usually like this; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team slept with my uncle.

I couldn't go because the director of 101 Dalmations made me vote for Khang.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the entire Green Party of Canada made me find Jesus.

Holy Shit! Get this: the inventor of the Slanket tried to sell me pork belly futures.

You're never going to believe this; Sarah Palin demanded investment advice of me.

I apologize, however the Spanish Inquisition tried to kill me.

This is a terrible excuse but your Ghost Daddy came on me.

Don't blame me; the editors of Mandatory.com offered me a free Judo lesson.

Please try to be reasonable; a handicapped gentleman text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Who could believe it! a solar energy lobbyist died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Barrack Obama tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Holy Moley all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

This is going to sound crazy but a group of ISIS terrorists demanded narcotics of me.

Boy do I have a story for you; Chell from Portal made me vote for Khodos.

I couldn't help it; Mayor McCheese tried to seduce me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the surviving members of the Beatles ate my homework.

Please forgive me; the entire population of Norway tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I feel terrible, but Hillary Clinton made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

It's not my fault! the US ambassador to Sweden spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Oh my gosh! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa crapped in my gas tank.

I lost track of time because Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother came after me.

My bad; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Guess what happened?!? Albert Einstein pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Please try to be reasonable; Kevin Costner's stunt double forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Who could believe it! a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me life insurance.

I couldn't go because Dom DeLuise gave me a hickey.

It's not my fault! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Oh my god! Godzilla came on to me.

My bad; Robin beat me into submission.

I couldn't help it; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer put me in a Chinese finger trap.

You're never going to believe this; Kevin Spacey made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Holy Shit! Get this: Donald Trump demanded investment advice of me.

I'm sorry but the ghost of Margaret Thatcher slept with my uncle.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; GlaDOS ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Holy Moses! the Antea Cement company of Albania ate my English Literature essay.

I'm never usually like this; a triceratops named Penelope crapped in my gas tank.

This isn't what it looks like; Linus Torvalds spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I lost track of time because the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys died right in front of me.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Guess what happened?!? Rob Ford stole my bicycle.

I apologize, however your mom came after me.

This is going to sound crazy but Donald Trump's gross comb-over died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Forrest Gump offered me a free Judo lesson.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the entire Roman Empire put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Please forgive me; Scrooge McDuck tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Don't blame me; Spiderman made me vote for Khang.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Tom Hanks stole my identity.

I couldn't go because your imaginary Sky Friend tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

This isn't what it looks like; a man with six fingers on his right hand kept telling me knock knock jokes.

This is going to sound crazy but Batman gave me a hickey.

I feel terrible, but the Antea Cement company of Albania beat me into submission.

Please try to be reasonable; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula came on to me.

You're never going to believe this; your imaginary Sky Friend made me vote for Khodos.

Holy Moses! all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to sell me life insurance.

I'm sorry but Scrooge McDuck tried to sell me pork belly futures.

You're never going to believe this; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Don't blame me; Princess Peach tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I feel terrible, but Albert Einstein pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

So I was minding my own business and boom! a British chap tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I apologize, however Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother ate my homework.

Who could believe it! your Ghost Daddy tried to seduce me.

Boy do I have a story for you; Kevin Costner's stunt double called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Holy Shit! Get this: a triceratops named Penelope hid my Trapper Keeper.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double demanded narcotics of me.

I'm never usually like this; Count Dracula made me find Jesus.

I couldn't go because a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Holy Moley the entire Green party of Germany broke into my house.

Please try to be reasonable; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team tried to kill me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Robin came on me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: a solar energy lobbyist gave me a hickey.

Oh my god! Mayor McCheese hid my Trapper Keeper.

I lost track of time because Donald Trump slept with my uncle.

I couldn't help it; Thom of Finland stole my identity.

This isn't what it looks like; the surviving members of the Beatles broke into my house.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the evil committee that demoted Pluto called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

This is a terrible excuse but the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones stole my bicycle.

Please forgive me; Godzilla made me vote for Khang.

Sorry I'm late; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Tom Hanks pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

It's not my fault! Batman tried to kill me.

My bad; Chell from Portal forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Oh my gosh! GlaDOS made me find Jesus.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Dom DeLuise tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

This is going to sound crazy but the US ambassador to Sweden tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Holy Moses! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa came on to me.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys ate my English Literature essay.

Guess what happened?!? Linus Torvalds text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Forrest Gump tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Please try to be reasonable; the director of 101 Dalmations tried to sell me pork belly futures.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; a Hasidic Jew demanded narcotics of me.

Guess what happened?!? the entire Green Party of Canada tried to seduce me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Donald Trump's gross comb-over ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Rob Ford made me vote for Khodos.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghost of Adolf Hitler came on to me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! your mom made me vote for Khang.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Barrack Obama made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Kevin Spacey came on me.

This isn't what it looks like; the Spanish Inquisition ate my homework.

I'm never usually like this; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Who could believe it! the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to seduce me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the Flying Spaghetti Monster stole my identity.

I couldn't go because Kevin Ware's leg bone died right in front of me.

Holy Shit! Get this: Sarah Palin hid my Trapper Keeper.

I apologize, however your Sky Daddy tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the entire population of Norway demanded investment advice of me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but a man with six fingers on his right hand offered me a free Judo lesson.

Guess what happened?!? the ghost of Adolf Hitler text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Count Dracula spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Holy Moses! some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Oh my gosh! Kevin Spacey tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Holy Moley a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Sorry I'm late; the editors of Mandatory.com made me vote for Khang.

I couldn't help it; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Tom Hanks demanded investment advice of me.

This is a terrible excuse but Chell from Portal made me find Jesus.

My bad; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser died right in front of me.

Please forgive me; the director of 101 Dalmations came after me.

This is going to sound crazy but all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 demanded narcotics of me.

Don't blame me; the Roman Curia kept telling me knock knock jokes.

You're never going to believe this; a British chap tried to sell me life insurance.

It's not my fault! an angry mob of republicans gave me a hickey.

Please try to be reasonable; the entire Green party of Germany called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I lost track of time because Count Dracula came on to me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Oh my god! the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

I feel terrible, but the entire population of Norway broke into my house.

I'm sorry but the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier stole my identity.

This is a terrible excuse but Batman came on me.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys stole my bicycle.

This isn't what it looks like; a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Don't blame me; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I swear it wasn't my fault, Tom Hanks put me in a Chinese finger trap.

I apologize, however the evil committee that demoted Pluto tried to seduce me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the surviving members of the Beatles crapped in my gas tank.

I feel terrible, but the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team ate my homework.

I couldn't go because Chell from Portal tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Guess what happened?!? Mayor McCheese ate my English Literature essay.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Count Dracula hid my Trapper Keeper.

Holy Moses! a handicapped gentleman made me vote for Khodos.

Boy do I have a story for you; Raiden from Mortal Kombat beat me into submission.

I'm sorry but the entire Roman Empire forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

This is going to sound crazy but the Antea Cement company of Albania ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Oh my gosh! Spiderman slept with my uncle.

Sorry I'm late; Princess Peach tried to kill me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the director of 101 Dalmations stole my identity.

I lost track of time because Thom of Finland came on me.

Oh my god! the entire Green Party of Canada made me find Jesus.

You're never going to believe this; your Ghost Daddy demanded narcotics of me.

Holy Shit! Get this: Sarah Palin pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Holy Moley Kevin Ware's leg bone tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I couldn't help it; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa offered me a free Judo lesson.

Who could believe it! the US ambassador to Sweden ate my homework.

I'm never usually like this; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser made me vote for Khodos.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Barrack Obama ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

My bad; Godzilla demanded investment advice of me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to seduce me.

I beg you a thousand pardons; your Sky Daddy called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Sacra Merde! Get this: some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I swear it wasn't my fault, a Hasidic Jew tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I couldn't help it; a triceratops named Penelope put me in a Chinese finger trap.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Holy Moses! a group of ISIS terrorists forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

I'm never usually like this; an angry mob of republicans made me vote for Khang.

Boy do I have a story for you; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer stole my identity.

So I was minding my own business and boom! a man with six fingers on his right hand tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Guess what happened?!? the clone of Adolf Hitler hid my Trapper Keeper.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Linus Torvalds demanded narcotics of me.

This is a terrible excuse but Rob Ford kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Oh my god! a British chap made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; your imaginary Sky Friend tried to kill me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but the entire Green party of Germany gave me a hickey.

Please try to be reasonable; Scrooge McDuck tried to sell me life insurance.

Holy Moley Robin tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Please forgive me; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Holy Shit! Get this: Dom DeLuise came on me.

Sorry I'm late; the editors of Mandatory.com ate my English Literature essay.

This isn't what it looks like; Donald Trump's gross comb-over ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

I feel terrible, but Forrest Gump text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

Oh my gosh! Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula stole my bicycle.

My bad; Albert Einstein broke into my house.

You're never going to believe this; Donald Trump tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Don't blame me; the inventor of the Slanket slept with my uncle.

I lost track of time because the entire Roman Empire ate my homework.

I apologize, however an angry mob of republicans tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Who could believe it! Robin beat me into submission.

This is going to sound crazy but the surviving members of the Beatles made me vote for Khodos.

I'm sorry but the entire Green Party of Canada came on to me.

It's not my fault! the evil committee that demoted Pluto pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I couldn't go because a group of ISIS terrorists spin kicked me in the collar bone.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Thom of Finland demanded investment advice of me.

Oh my god! Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double died right in front of me.

Guess what happened?!? the Antea Cement company of Albania tried to seduce me.

Please try to be reasonable; the entire population of Norway died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Boy do I have a story for you; the Roman Curia made me find Jesus.

Don't blame me; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother offered me a free Judo lesson.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones crapped in my gas tank.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Rob Ford came after me.

Holy Shit! Get this: the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

Holy Moley a triceratops named Penelope tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Forrest Gump made me vote for Khang.

Oh my gosh! the Spanish Inquisition text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

So I was minding my own business and boom! Dom DeLuise made me find Jesus.

I couldn't help it; Hillary Clinton made me vote for Khodos.

Guess what happened?!? Tom Hanks came on me.

Holy Moses! Donald Trump gave me a hickey.

I'm never usually like this; Princess Peach ate my homework.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

This is a terrible excuse but Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa crapped in my gas tank.

You're never going to believe this; Forrest Gump stole my identity.

I couldn't go because a man with six fingers on his right hand came on to me.

Please forgive me; Chell from Portal ate my English Literature essay.

Boy do I have a story for you; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Oh my god! the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I'm sorry but a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me life insurance.

I lost track of time because Tom Hanks tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Please try to be reasonable; Robin broke into my house.

Who could believe it! Rob Ford came after me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I apologize, however Forrest Gump tried to seduce me.

I feel terrible, but Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother beat me into submission.

I apologize, however my mom ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

My bad; Kevin Spacey called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but GlaDOS died right in front of me.

I feel terrible, but Sarah Palin pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the entire population of Norway forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Don't blame me; a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Holy Shit! Get this: Scrooge McDuck put me in a Chinese finger trap.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your mom offered me a free Judo lesson.

It's not my fault! Donald Trump hid my Trapper Keeper.

Holy Moley the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to kill me.

I lost track of time because some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

You're never going to believe this; the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys slept with my uncle.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team demanded narcotics of me.

I couldn't help it; the US ambassador to Sweden kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Holy Moses! Dom DeLuise demanded investment advice of me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Chell from Portal stole my bicycle.

Please try to be reasonable; Linus Torvalds spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Boy do I have a story for you; the inventor of the Slanket called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Please forgive me; Princess Peach ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Batman text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

This isn't what it looks like; your imaginary Sky Friend came on me.

Who could believe it! a Hasidic Jew died right in front of me.

This is a terrible excuse but the entire Green Party of Canada tried to sell me life insurance.

Sorry I'm late; Barrack Obama made me vote for Khodos.

I lost track of time because your Sky Daddy made me find Jesus.

Holy Moses! Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I apologize, however the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Don't blame me; the entire population of Norway kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Holy Shit! Get this: Hillary Clinton crapped in my gas tank.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but the offensive line of the `76 Dallas Cowboys hid my Trapper Keeper.

Please try to be reasonable; Count Dracula offered me a free Judo lesson.

Please forgive me; an angry mob of republicans put me in a Chinese finger trap.

You're never going to believe this; the director of 101 Dalmations came after me.

Boy do I have a story for you; the surviving members of the Beatles made me vote for Khang.

I'm sorry but the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser broke into my house.

Sorry I'm late; the Flying Spaghetti Monster stole my bicycle.

I couldn't help it; Albert Einstein ate my English Literature essay.

It's not my fault! the ghost of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I beg you a thousand pardons; a handicapped gentleman tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

I'm sorry but Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother stole my identity.

Oh my god! Donald Trump demanded narcotics of me.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; Thom of Finland demanded investment advice of me.

Don't blame me; Forrest Gump tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Mayor McCheese came on to me.

This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; GlaDOS tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

I apologize, however Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula ate my homework.

I swear it wasn't my fault, a British chap died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

This is going to sound crazy but Spiderman beat me into submission.

Guess what happened?!? the entire Roman Empire made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

It's not my fault! Chell from Portal forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Please forgive me; the US ambassador to Sweden slept with my uncle.

Who could believe it! Kevin Costner's stunt double tried to seduce me.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but Kevin Ware's leg bone tried to kill me.

I couldn't help it; the Roman Curia gave me a hickey.

Holy Moses! the editors of Mandatory.com pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Oh my gosh! Godzilla tried to sell me life insurance.

I lost track of time because Linus Torvalds gave me a hickey.

You're never going to believe this; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher beat me into submission.

Sorry I'm late; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double put me in a Chinese finger trap.

This is a terrible excuse but the Antea Cement company of Albania died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

I feel terrible, but a group of ISIS terrorists ate my English Literature essay.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the evil committee that demoted Pluto crapped in my gas tank.

Holy Moley Donald Trump's gross comb-over made me find Jesus.

Please try to be reasonable; Kevin Spacey tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Holy Shit! Get this: a very old but self-aware Macintosh computer came on to me.

I couldn't go because Tom Hanks ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Boy do I have a story for you; all the staff of Heathrow Terminal 4 offered me a free Judo lesson.

I'm never usually like this; your Ghost Daddy tried to kill me.

I couldn't be more apologetic but Robin text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

My bad; Raiden from Mortal Kombat stole my identity.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; the clone of Adolf Hitler hid my Trapper Keeper.

This is a terrible excuse but the entire Green party of Germany tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I lost track of time because the inventor of the Slanket demanded narcotics of me.

Oh my gosh! Sarah Palin broke into my house.

My bad; the Spanish Inquisition came after me.

I couldn't help it; a solar energy lobbyist stole my bicycle.

A funny thing happened on the way to the forum; some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match came on me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Dom DeLuise tried to sell me pork belly futures.

I swear it wasn't my fault, your mom died right in front of me.

Holy Moses! Scrooge McDuck forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Blimey! Sorry I'm late guv'nha but my mom made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; a man with six fingers on his right hand kept telling me knock knock jokes.

I apologize, however the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones tried to seduce me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! a triceratops named Penelope tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Please forgive me; Rob Ford made me vote for Khodos.

I beg you a thousand pardons; Princess Peach tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

You're never going to believe this; a man with six fingers on his right hand slept with my uncle.

I'm never usually like this; Barrack Obama ate my homework.

This is going to sound crazy but a solar energy lobbyist called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Oh my god! Dom DeLuise made me vote for Khang.

Boy do I have a story for you; the ghosts of the last winning Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team spin kicked me in the collar bone.

I'm sorry but your Sky Daddy pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; Sherlock Holmes' smarter brother tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

Guess what happened?!? a handicapped gentleman demanded investment advice of me.

Sorry I'm late; the ghost of Margaret Thatcher tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

This isn't what it looks like; Sarah Palin tried to seduce me.

Please try to be reasonable; Martha Stewart's nice-human-persona stunt double stole my identity.

I feel terrible, but Forrest Gump tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

I couldn't go because Thom of Finland put me in a Chinese finger trap.

Holy Moley Linus Torvalds pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

Don't blame me; Rob Ford crapped in my gas tank.

It's not my fault! Count Dracula stole my bicycle.

I couldn't be more apologetic but your mom called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

Who could believe it! the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to sell me pork belly futures.

Holy Shit! Get this: the little Asian kid from Indiana Jones hid my Trapper Keeper.

I couldn't help it; Donald Trump demanded investment advice of me.

I beg you a thousand pardons; an angry mob of republicans forced me to convert to Islam at gun point.

Please forgive me; Spiderman tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Look, this day has gotten off to a rocky start; Batman died right in front of me.

Oh my god! the entire Green party of Germany slept with my uncle.

I feel terrible, but GlaDOS tried to kill me.

Sacra Merde! Get this: the Flying Spaghetti Monster died while trying to tell me the lethal, killer joke.

Holy Shit! Get this: Raiden from Mortal Kombat tried to sell me a reverse mortgage.

I'm never usually like this; Albert Einstein demanded narcotics of me.

So I was minding my own business and boom! the entire Roman Empire kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Sorry I'm late; Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

This is going to sound crazy but Tom Hanks came on to me.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; a man with six fingers on his right hand gave me a hickey.

Oh my gosh! the Spanish Inquisition came on me.

Guess what happened?!? the Roman Curia came after me.

This is a terrible excuse but your Ghost Daddy ate my English Literature essay.

You're never going to believe this; Kevin McCallister's real life fake tarantula made me golf in shoes filled with macaroni and cheese.

It's not my fault! your imaginary Sky Friend made me vote for Khang.

Oh my gosh! Kevin Spacey offered me a free Judo lesson.

The most unbelievable thing just happened; the ghost of Sir John A McDonald's insurance agent's hair dresser beat me into submission.

My bad; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier spin kicked me in the collar bone.

Boy do I have a story for you; Princess Peach ate my homework.

Please forgive me; a solar energy lobbyist tried to sell me life insurance.

I beg you a thousand pardons; the surviving members of the Beatles made me vote for Khodos.

Sacra Merde! Get this: Robin ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

Sorry I'm late; Chell from Portal made me find Jesus.

I'm never usually like this; a handicapped gentleman tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I lost track of time because GlaDOS broke into my house.

I'm sorry but your mom called me "Too gay to fly a kite," whatever that means.

I apologize, however Raiden from Mortal Kombat died right in front of me.

I couldn't help it; your imaginary Sky Friend pulled me over in a stolen police car and demanded fellatio.

I feel terrible, but some players resting during a break in a very long cricket match text messaged racial slurs from my phone.

This isn't what it looks like; the Spanish Inquisition slept with my uncle.

I lost track of time because the entire Green party of Germany spin kicked me in the collar bone.

This is going to sound crazy but Italian sprinter Irene Siragusa ran me over with a diesel backhoe.

This is a terrible excuse but the entire population of Norway broke into my house.

I lost track of time because your Ghost Daddy tried to seduce me.

Please forgive me; Kevin Spacey tried to sell me real estate investments in Mexico.

Boy do I have a story for you; a man with six fingers on his right hand stole my identity.

This isn't what it looks like; the ghost of Winston Churchill's cigar supplier kept telling me knock knock jokes.

Guess what happened?!? a group of ISIS terrorists stole my bicycle.

I couldn't help it; Kevin Ware's leg bone beat me into submission.

I swear it wasn't my fault, the entire Roman Empire demanded narcotics of me.

Holy Moses! the clone of Adolf Hitler tried to feed me to a carnivorous plant.

Oh my god! Donald Trump's gross comb-over tried to sell me a vacuum cleaner.

I'm never usually like this; Princess Peach tried to sell me real estate investments on Pluto.

I couldn't go because Godzilla crapped in my gas tank.

